Question Number, Correct Option, Answer

1> b, Neural Network

2> d, None of the above

3> c, i-v-iv-iii-ii

4> a, Recurrent Neural Network

5> a, input pattern keeps on changing

6> c, dynamic inputs & categorization can't be handled

7> c, Both statements are true

8> a, Recurrent Neural network

multipal answer:

9> a,b,d Learning Rate is low, Regularisation parameter is high, Stuck at local minima

10> a, b,c Stochastic Gradient Descent, Rectified Linear Unit, Convolution Function 

Subjective Answer:

11>Answer: Deep learning is part of a broader family of machine learning mothodes basesd
           on artificial neural networks with representation learing. Learning can be 
           be supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised.
           Deep learning is a calss of machine learnig algorithms that is used multipale
           layers progressively extract high level features from the row data. For example 
           image detaction, natural laguage modification, face detaction, etc.

12>Answer: Reinforcement learning is an area of machine learning concerned with how software
           agents ought to take actions in an environment in order to maximize the notion of
           cumulative reward. Reinforcement learning is one of three basic machine learning 
           paradigms, alongside supervised learning and unsupervised learning.

13>Answer: The main differences between two of them is in Machine leanrning uses algorithms to 
           parse data, learn from that data, and make informed decisions based on what it has 
           learned. Deep learning structures algorithms in layers to create an "artificial neural
           network" that an learn and make intelligent decisions on its own. 

14>Answer: In machine learning, the perceptron is an algorithm for supervised learning of binary
           classifiers. A binary classifier is a function which can decide whether or not an 
           input represented by a vector of numbers, belongs to some specific class.

15>Answer: AI is the broader concept of machines being able to carry out tasks in a way that we 
           would consider "smart". And, Machine learning is a current application of AI based 
           around the idea that we shoud really just be able to give machines access to data and
           let them learn for themselves. 